docs(fetchReleaseNotes): explain platform support, link to overview issue (#14972)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Set this to `false` if you want to disable release notes fetching.

> Renovate can fetch release notes when you're running it on one of these platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate can fetch release notes when they are hosted on one of these platforms:
```

- GitHub (.com and Enterprise)

> - GitLab (.com and CE/EE)

Reviewer 2: With this write up, it remains unclear what I need to do to e.g. my docker images to get Renovate to look up their release notes.

Reviewer: I don't think that's relevant for this particular section "fetchReleaseNotes true/false"

Author: > With this write up, it remains unclear what I need to do to e.g. my docker images to get Renovate to look up their release notes.

@astellingwerf I'm not sure what you mean here. Do you mean:

1. I don't know how to get Renovate to show Docker image release notes.
2. I don't know how to get Renovate to look up any release notes when I'm running Renovate with Docker.

Author: I've created issue #15052 to discuss:

> With this write up, it remains unclear what I need to do to e.g. my docker images to get Renovate to look up their release notes.

I'm resolving this conversation, so the PR can get merged. 😉

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note
    Renovate can only show release notes from some platforms and some package managers.
    We're planning improvements so that Renovate can show more release notes.

>     Read [issue # #14138 on GitHub](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/14138) to get a overview of the planned work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Read [issue 14138 on GitHub](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/14138) to get a overview of the planned work.
```

Set this to `false` if you want to disable release notes fetching.

Renovate can fetch release notes when you're running it on one of these platforms:

- GitHub (.com and Enterprise)
- GitLab (.com and CE/EE)
- Bitbucket Cloud
- Bitbucket Server
- Azure DevOps

> - Gitea

Author: I've listed all platforms that Renovate can run on, but we cannot fetch release notes on all platforms.

Can you maintainers please check the code and tell me which platforms we can grab release notes from? 😉

Reviewer 3: only on gitlab and GitHub

Author: ```suggestion
- GitHub (.com and Enterprise)
- GitLab (.com and CE/EE)
```
